SPR1-894 Prepare for v0.18 (#330)
ska-sa/katdal: NEWS.rst

History
=======

0.18 (2021-04-13)
-----------------
* Switch to PyJWT 2 and Python 3.6, cleaning up Python 2 relics (#321 - #323)

> * Preselect channels and dumps upon katdal.open() to save time and memory (#324)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow preselection of channels and dumps upon katdal.open() to save time and memory (#324)
```

> * Select fields, scans and antennas in mvftoms (#269)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow user to select fields, scans and antennas in mvftoms (#269)
```
